
    1. What is Semantic HTML?  describes  meaning  of the element to the browser and peers.
    2. What is HTML used for? marking and writting content.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? in the opening <   >
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? for main heading,should be used only once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes src , alt
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? all the css stylesheeet js and name
    7. What is an id? an atributes thats shoudl be use once by html file
    8. What elements can I add an id to? any element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once
    10. What is a class? an atributes that can be used  plenty of time
    11. What elements can I add a class to? any element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? ass many ass needed
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? target ="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? "explanation of the images if you cant view the image"
    15. How do I reference an id? #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div section is more for bigger chunk in wich we will divid the section after with div
    17. What is CSS used for? styling the page
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one.I can use ID for the header or a section. class is for everything else
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .something{}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human p{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? is the first Atributes of a nest. when looking to select  with precision
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? .sidebar div{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector? used for defining a special state of element	
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height:
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform:
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? #mydiv { border: dotted 1px black; }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? crtl +/ or  /* ----- */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?  git status
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? git ls-files
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? git rm cause its remove straigth doenst go to the  garbage bin
    34. Why should I use version control? cause its more easy
    35. How often should I commit to github? as much as you can to save progress
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. clone  create branch  commit news stuff  push new stuff 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 


https://codepen.io/G-Orti/pen/wvWJYEr?editors=1100